We dispatched a couple of actions in the last lecture.
Now I want to make sure that in every place any application where we actually fetch the state that we
do this from NCR X and not from those of service for example the off guard here here we also get the
office service and we check if the user is offended that here.
Well no need to do this.
We don't need to inject the off of here.
We Robert and checked the store of type store is still to be imported from NCR X store.
Now I don't need to import you off service but I need to import the application state so our importers
from app and now from my application wide store folder where I have my app reducers because still this
still is the type of my state which is stored by a store.
So from app App State is still the state.
Our storable eventually yield.
Now if we can use select and here for can activate we are allowed to return an observable and observable
which resolves to a boolean and then we can map this.
So here I can simply say this store select and I want to select off here.
Now again this would not yield us a boolean in the end though but that's no issue.
I can simply map something here get my off state which will be of type well off stage so I can import
this as from off from the store file in the off folders and there from the reducers fall and I can see
that this is a type your from off state.
Does the state I will eventually get here and I can map it to a boolean by simply returning of state
authenticated which is a boolean and now this can act with Mefford returns an observable where a map
the value to a value we can use to a boolean by extracting it from the state we receive.
So this card should work.
Now before I check this let me fix the places of the application though.
For example if we scroll to the shared folder here our off interceptor where I do get the token to appended
to every request we send we do does Fritjof service now just as before.
This won't work anymore.
So let's inject our store instead import store from ngi our X store and ask before we should import
our application wide state.
So as from app from the application side app reducers file this will still be our state here.
So from app app state this is our constructor and I also want to import dieoff state so import as from
all of from off store of reducers because this is volatile actually get when selecting the off slice
and just as before I need to get the token here to return my handle with the token Here however we have
a little issue in the past we could get our token synchronously.
Now we get it asynchronously because selecting a slice of our state yields as an observable and that
is an asynchronous object.
It's no issue though because any intercept method we eventually just have to return an observable.
So right now we do this by returning next handler right away but we can also change some observables
here.
Q conveniently well get what we need in the end.
So here I could also return this store select and then the off slice and now of course the need to map
this just as before all to care about next handle later here and then get my of state which is of type
from of state and I want to map this into next händler which will eventually return.
So here I will return next handle the copied request now can get created in the map function because
there we will have access to the off state.
We get it at this point of time.
So here I can now simply select off state token I have to turn map to switch map though because otherwise
it will return and observable and wrap it into a new absorbable by using switch map.
It won't wrap return the return value in a new observable but instead simply use the return value which
already isn't observable.
So that's why we use which map to use which map I need to unlock it by importing our exercise at operator
switch map.
So that we can use dead operator on an observable.
And again in this case here we select the slice we get the off state which is inoperable.
We executes which map on it to extract the value of the absorbable which will be our off indication
status.
We then clone the request and assigned a token which we can access synchronously because we're inside
the observable handler.
And then we return a new absorbable which takes a launch of this new request and now we got rid of the
office service here too.
Now let's see if this works or if we're using days of service somewhere else in the application does
seems to work.
No let's try and logging in.
This seems to work.
No let's try fetching the values once I deleted our recipe here.
Fetch data.
Well we got an error here so a token is not appended correctly.
Let's see what this does.
That didn't work off because null is the issue.
The problem probably is not dead.
We can fetch the token but that we somehow never said it.
So let's see why this doesn't work in the next lecture.